good evening good evening I ask people from
Russia how you feel about the
war in Ukraine
too much question let's start
with the fact that my name is Alexander and what
is your name do not ask andrey
vasilyevich andrey
vasiliev andrey fresh ask a question yes that's how
you feel about the war  in ukraine you and
your lady
will tell you exactly what kind of war is
not happening in ukraine and what is happening there
is a special operation if there was a
war, then you generally understand that you are
forbidden to call it war because there
is responsibility, maybe it is not
depicted here very safe here
they also fined 30 people
for forging operations, all good people, but
look, I’m asking all Russians whether
you support you support your
country, you support this war, or you were in the
lead of all the people
mobilized
again I say again that you have all gathered and
what is this collection called
the war of the
sabir, is the
meeting of the military called
usually,
I understand that for Russia this is a common
d
ate to get spicy near Kyiv, blogger not to drink, but I want to say why people can give 2345 to them hello to everyone hello to everyone hello to everyone Ukrainians guys normal people everything is fine yes, look, I see you have a very high-quality repair, so this means that you you live rich in russia it’s because you have oil and gas so why is it that if you have such the richest country your repair is somehow worse than people in europe even in ukraine sags from the ceiling sags you have good equals it turns out it’s only so amazed it weighs blue grass on top from which city alexander the city of lipetsk lipetsk federation temporarily temporarily we are because somewhere else the bots in the russian federation will break up into moscow why do we need moscow suburbs times accomplices time because once you go with a separate state, you will eat separately, see, for example, Russia is the richest country, of course, why are you  live in [ __ ]
if this is the richest country has
determined that we are so I see I see
look well
you are somewhere there show show show in short and
looked
look
determined that we all the time here you can see
the wallpaper
give the girl give the girl and
never wave yes
yes, I’m only in your mouth to the pen, not only to
be rude in this girl
girls of
color you need me Andrey Vasilievich
look, I also see the trees here, too,
look, I just
simply every year we are Ukraine a poor
country, we don’t have gas, oil, but Russia is
so rich  days in gold diamonds
why do people in europe live better without gas oil
than here you are in lipetsk and
why did you decide that they are better with
better you have watched lately what is
happening abroad and what is happening there
how
to get svetlana says and
firstly so  how the stations were led, so
I understand that their economy has increased,
not
me, for example, I include the Europeans, they don’t have
the same wall on the ceiling as you have, that’s
why you opened the wallpaper for
America, increase  at
what salary in
america let's say
gasoline is harsh
my relatives live in germany
allowable 400 euros they have allowances on
their own they don't give jobs
they don't work they
[applause]
so you don't appreciate people who live
on welfare allowance well you won't live
well let's do it  let's say
I
don't know, let's
get the allowance, and the
salary is
how much the allowance is, the allowance in Russia, the
men are silent, they interfere with the tambourine,
see for
yourself
which
Russian rubles, because the rate that is
now is the same
salary of 40 50 thousand rubles for 500
dollars, how much 500 dollars
will be somewhere  some du gets
somewhere 80 dollars
800 dollars so
no america no salaries 800 dollars we
give
in america people live on 800 dollars for
free heating we
have a communal apartment quickly miss america this is
generally the
minimum that you can learn a penny
heating air conditioners water and light they
pay  crazy money for this, we
cost 2 3 thousand a month for this, this is a total of
two three thousand kopecks  a month before and in america
doctors in america take out
will be 800 dollars not i'm serious
why do americans go for a ruble from its
price go for a ruble from and you why
americans don't go to earn money in
russia and those who understand go not who
have already moved, as it were  no but the americans to
russia to lipetsk not to lipetsk excuse me
to
moscow the americans will go to moscow and you
think there is no way to earn
earn money but look at us and the
myadel plant what kind of
metallurgical plants the americans are going to
he leaves like that he sits i mean
there is no job in chicago  I’ll go to a
metallurgical plant in Lipetsk
to work somewhere, and
how much you get,
I look at your situation, you are on the
ceiling.
I don’t care about the factory and forget the biggest one
and the map how much is your salary you will start
how much and now look I worked at the
Savings Bank so
far  not yet, but then the ska will be reduced because of the
sanctions,
what sanctions are you spending on?
a month in utilities 3-4
thousand products of fifteen thousand the
rest is all mine and what
can I live on this amount help
300 dollars live well and look at the resources of a
poor country ben and an
ordinary cashier is
not a boss some good let's do this
people in Europe people
get more true
utility
the rest is
where cars are more expensive in Europe or you have
cars cheaper than Russian ones
cheaper than ours
if you translate into rubles into dollars it
turns out everything is the same in the middle you
roll out a parallel circle into these so
die 2 we go from the other side you were in
Europe where Germany was  germany
let's do it so you can feel good with your salary
in germany fine
i can feel good in europe
with euro 60 exchange rate
if i cancel  to give myself a
vacation how much I can postpone myself if I
say so vehemently to me this person from
Germany is easier for him to come to Lipetsk
cheaper and live than a person with the
same I will tell you so I have
friends and relatives in Germany so
why are they why they do not return  in
Lipetsk
if there is a cloud why they do not return
because they live on welfare and can
not work quietly there there is such a
rich state that it can even
provide for the unemployed and they will
live normally
why is poor Germany without gas oil to
him
they
someone can live and not  to work
for a
person
900 euros
euros they pay how much
they pay,
that is, it turns out that in Germany a
person, even on welfare, can
live normally so well, but in Russia on benefits, it’s
normal, there
is,
you
work in a savings bank, you need to work
somewhere on a TV channel, you are like that  you can
fill in such things with such a serious
face, so you won’t have a price there, so
if you go to the bracket, they’ll fire him right
away  in short, a friend you were
already doing something
here video this is Svetlana she is now a
star propaganda star
I
only eat from you
sometimes I have a
slop bucket I don’t know
sasha by the way also rhyme sasha slop I
have friends in
Germany and
you live here
work and live the same way on  yes, it
means that in Germany the best is that he even
lives on welfare because people plow here
yes yes I
want to see it
report to him to drag in
that I collect
certain glasses from different cities but now people
have taken
let’s Svetlana don’t need boobs
I just don’t get sick
ban
cheats you Ukrainians said
that Ukrainians warmed up here normal
people this is russia don’t attack foreign
countries don’t bastards crusts
we’ll be talking about a war we’re at war you’re
bombing our country like we won’t be like a
war you don’t
shut your mouth with this alcoholic and
please and we  svetlana let's talk about the
rabbit please help
me here you look like a woman what do you think is
right that your country kills in
ukraine